https://codepen.io/bdubz/pen/dyPjvLr?editors=1100

 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? It gives meaning to the markup so you can remember your thought process and other developers can understand as well.
    2. What is HTML used for? It is the basic layout of a webpage, much like a skeleton.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?  They are used to further define an html element.  They are  used for things like pictures, links, heighth, width, etc.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The h1 tag is used to highlight the most important thing on the page. Technically you can use it more than once but usually it's only used for the most important part of the page (like company name)
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes img and nav
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <head>
    7. What is an id? id is similar to a class but it has more specificity.  It can be selected in CSS with a # for styling.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? It can be used on ANY HTML element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
    10. What is a class? it is an HTML attribute that can be selected in CSS with a . for styling.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any of them
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? unlimited
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? use <a href="" and specify an address to go to
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? alternate text if an image can't be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?  a section is semantic (provides meaning to that part of the page) whereas div is generic and can be used for stylistic purposes.
    17. What is CSS used for? to give a webpage style.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page.  h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one.  an ID can be used to identify ONE element but a class can be used to identify more than one.  id's are good for bookmarks or very specific styles that are only needed once. Classes can pretty much be used for anything that needs CSS styling.  
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? by using a .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?  p .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? a child selector interits all of the parent's styles unless the child has more specificity applied to it.  
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? They are for specific states.  For example, when an end-user hovers over a link the link can respond accordingly.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? ctrl a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* like this */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?  pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm   cuz it's permanent!
    34. Why should I use version control? so you can safely make changes while retaining the original code.
    35. How often should I commit to github? frequently.  just depends on how often you're making changes and how important the changes are.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork the repo, make sure your name is attached to it after forking, add collaborator (TL), clone the repo, use cli to clone in the correct directory with the github link, cd into the new repo, branch it with your name, add changes, commit changes with a comment, push to github, make pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 